Feature/jira issue status category flow analysis (#154)
fivetran/dbt_jira: CHANGELOG.md

  - When teams are enabled, team data will populate in the `jira__daily_issue_field_history` model to track team assignments over time and the `jira__issue_enhanced` model to provide current team assignment for each issue.

## Under the Hood
- Added new seed file `team.csv` for integration testing.
- Added team-related test data to `issue.csv`, `issue_field_history.csv`, and `field.csv` seed files.
- Created `get_team_columns` macro for consistent team column definitions.
- Updated package variables to include team source reference and team identifier configuration.

> - Created new analysis folder with `jira__issue_transition_cumulative_flow_analysis` and `jira_daily_issue_status_category_analysis` models. See analysis [README.md](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira/blob/main/analysis/README.md) for more details on how to use this model for your Jira reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Created new analysis folder with `jira__issue_transition_cumulative_flow_analysis` and `jira_daily_issue_status_category_analysis` models. Se thee analysis [README.md](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira/blob/main/analysis/README.md) for more details on how to use these models for your Jira reporting.
```
